This is the readme for the GENESIS model associated with the paper

Huss M, Lansner A, Wallen P, El Manira A, Grillner S, Kotaleski JH.
Roles of ionic currents in lamprey CPG neurons: a modeling study.
J Neurophysiol. 2007 Apr;97(4):2696-711. Epub 2007 Feb 7.

Abstract:

The spinal network underlying locomotion in the lamprey consists of a
core network of glutamatergic and glycinergic interneurons, previously
studied experimentally and through mathematical modeling. We present a
new and more detailed computational model of lamprey locomotor network
neurons, based primarily on detailed electrophysiological measurements
and incorporating new experimental findings. The model uses a Hodgkin-
Huxley-like formalism and consists of 86 membrane compartments
containing 12 types of ion currents. One of the goals was to introduce
a fast, transient potassium current (Kt) and two sodium-dependent
potassium currents, one faster (KNaF) and one slower (KNaS), in the
model. Not only has the model lent support to the interpretation of
experimental results but it has also provided predictions for further
experimental analysis of single-network neurons. For example, Kt was
shown to be one critical factor for controlling action potential
duration.  In addition, the model has proved helpful in investigating
the possible influence of the slow afterhyperpolarization on
repetitive firing during ongoing activation. In particular, the
balance between the simulated slow sodium-dependent and
calcium-dependent potassium currents has been explored, as well as the
possible involvement of dendritic conductances.

Model usage:

Figures from the paper can be generated with commands like
genesis Fig3a.g
etc.

This model was supplied by Mikael Huss.
